---
title: "AI Data Engineering Intern"
collection: intern
permalink: /research/2024-03-2024-06-xdan
excerpt: '03/2024 - 06/2024, XDAN '
# date: 2024-0-01
# venue: 'Journal 1'
# slidesurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/slides1.pdf'
# paperurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/paper1.pdf'
# citation: 'Your Name, You. (2009). &quot;Paper Title Number 1.&quot; <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(1).'
---

I used cutting-edge algorithms (WizardLM, DEITA, etc.) and tools (Distilable, DataDreamer) to do data augmentation work on large language models.


## What I did

- Based on NLP tools such as TextBlob and NLTK, clean and screen text data for LLM model training.

- Based on papers such as **WizardLM** and **DEITA**, I parallelly completed data selection and diversification of instructions, effectively expanding more than 10 famous datasets with cutting-edge data processing tools such as **Distilable** and **DataDreamer**.

- Based on **UltraFeedBack**, quantitatively evaluate LLM data based on complexity and quality.

- Build relevant prompts based on **CoT, Few-shot In-Context,** and other methods to achieve diversified expansion of different style questions and complete high-quality specified tasks.

- Augmented more than ten data sets， solved problems such as large-scale parallel calls and periodic storage.




## What I get

I gained an understanding of algorithm-related work (I have a rough idea of what it's like to work in the industry, ：) and the actual needs of companies. I learned about the structure and operational mechanisms of a company, as well as some insights into the application of LLMs and related businesses.

I studied a wealth of knowledge related to LLMs, including training, fine-tuning, and the underlying principles.

During this period, my coding skills became more organized, and I extensively used APIs from mainstream LLMs like GPT and Gemini, accumulating a lot of engineering experience. I solved a series of issues related to parallel processing and scheduled saving, and I can expand on this further.


PS：
I found that I still prefer doing research; working in an office can be a bit painful xxx
