---
title: "Employee Performance Evaluation Using NLP and LLM"
collection: intern
permalink: /research/2024-07-2024-09-PolyU
excerpt: '07/2024 - 10/2024, Supervisor: Prof. Wenqi Fan, PolyU '
# date: 2024-0-01
# venue: 'Journal 1'
# slidesurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/slides1.pdf'
# paperurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/paper1.pdf'
# citation: 'Your Name, You. (2009). &quot;Paper Title Number 1.&quot; <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(1).'
---

I am collaborating with Professor Wenqi Fan on a project from industry. The goal is to use machine learning algorithms to assess employees' interview performance, evaluate their promotion potential, and provide employee ratings. I am responsible for data augmentation and selection.


## What I did

Data Augmentation: Augment employee interview data using traditional NLP (random swapping, deletion, insertion,
etc.) and a custom evolution prompt-based LLM method, guided by WizardLM and DEITA and other papers, utilizing
advanced tools such as Distilable and DataDreamer.

Quantitative Scoring: Developed a few-shot and pair-comparing scoring pipeline with LLMs to analyze and quantify
employee interview texts for performance and promotion potential evaluation.


## What I get

I have researched cutting-edge work on data augmentation, including traditional NLP and LLM methods, as well as on data selection, gaining a deeper understanding of data engineering.I studied a wealth of knowledge related to LLMs, including training, fine-tuning, and the underlying principles.

I extensively used APIs from mainstream LLMs like GPT and Gemini, accumulating a lot of engineering experience. I solved a series of issues related to parallel processing and scheduled saving. I used source code of WizardLM and Distilable to build our pipeline. I'm a good data enginner right now~