---
title: "An Automatic and Speech-based Cross-Lingual Classification Framework for Early Screening of Cognitive Impairment"
collection: publications
permalink: /publications/2024-10-31-ADJ
date:  2024-10-31
# slidesurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/slides1.pdf'
paperurl: '../assets/ADJ.pdf'
# citation: 'Your Name, You. (2009). &quot;Paper Title Number 1.&quot; <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(1).'
---

In this paper, we construct a novel framework that leverages several AI methods for automatically screening cognitive impairment (CI) based on the Cookie Theft picture description task with a multilingual dataset. It holds a high potential for clinical application in early AD detection as it’s fully automatic and has achieved high performance with 74% in accuracy and 75% in AUC in the external cross-lingual Chinese validation experiment, excels in distinguishing CI, and is beneficial for large-scale screening and self testing of CI, which will remind potential AD patients to undergo timely hospital-based examinations and therapies. 

# Abstract:
## INTRODUCTION 
The use of speech data for distinguishing cognitive impairment (CI) is efficient and convenient for 
early screening of potential AD. However, few studies have developed available automated 
frameworks with the external cross-lingual Chinese validation.  
## METHODS 
This study utilized speech data from the Cookie Theft description task, employing the ADReSSo 
dataset and the local Chinese dataset of the STAR cohort. We constructed an automated framework 
for CI screening, leveraging AI methods, including ASR, LLMs, and multiple types of machine 
learning classifiers. We used datasets in multiple languages and addressed the issue of language 
inconsistency. 
## RESULTS 
Our framework achieved 74% in accuracy and 75% in AUC in the external cross-lingual Chinese 
validation experiment. We conducted an ablation study to demonstrate the necessity of each module 
within the framework. 
## DISCUSSION 
The proposed framework provides fully automated assessments in distinguishing CI, making it 
highly beneficial for large-scale early screening and self-testing.

You cen see our manuscript [here](../assets/ADJ.pdf)
